Zhiwei, what did you do in a hurry?
You and I, we didn't do anything.
Lin Zhiwei, do you think we are fools?
You are Lin Zhiwei
Your husband is amazing
I broke my son.
Beat him up like a fool.
You devil
I want to kill my family
I don't have Mr. Gu
This is the inverse
Do whatever you want
Report to Mr. Wu
Please let me go
Yes, Mr. Wu
This thing
You have nothing to do with our Lin family at all
Shen Wan and Lin Zhiwei
At your disposal
Where is the dragon?
I don't know what happened.
But my husband will never hit anyone indiscriminately
But this is your son
What did you do?
You stand on top of it
Tell me where the dragon is
I, I, I, I
I am hot
I'll call him, don't worry
Hello master
I don't care where you are now
Get me to the company right away
do not allow
Never want to see this bitch in front of Mr. Lin again